#Webpack-dev-server tests with react-hot-loader

###Overview
A set of three tests of react-hot-loader module for Webpack.  Specifically, for how it handles source maps with webpack-dev-server.


###To Install Tests
Open terminal at the webpack-dev-server-test and enter:

```npm install```


### To Run Tests
In same terminal enter:

```
npm run startX
```

where "X" should be replaced with the number of the test, "1", "2" or "3".

Once webpack-dev-server is running, open http://localhost:8080 in the Chrome browser.  Edit app/HelloWorld.jsx to add something, like a number, to the Hello World text inside the returned span, the save the file.

### The Tests
All testing done with Google Chrome's Dev Tools.

#### Test 1: source-map and react-hot
```
npm run start1
```
devtool parameter is set to "source-map".  The loaders are 'react-hot' and 'babel'.

When I run this, hotloading works correctly - i.e when HelloWorld.jsx is resaved, the "Hello World" text on the page updates without a full page refresh.  However, source maps do not update correctly.

Looking via Chrome Dev Tools' Sources tab, the contents of HelloWorld.jsx remains as they were after the update/rebuild.  What happens is that a new version of the file is generated alongside the original.  This new version will be called something like HelloWorld.jsx?8872.  Yes, this new version contains the updated content that I added to HelloWorld.jsx in my editor, which is a success.  Unfortunately, this behaviour is only good for a single update.  For any subsequent updates/rebuilds, the HelloWorld.jsx?8872 file remains unchanged; it still contains the content from the first update.  No new version of the file is generated by any subsequent updates/rebuilds.


#### Test 2: source-map and babel only
```
npm run start2
```
devtool parameter is set to "source-map".  The loaders is 'babel' only.

When I run this, hotloading does not work correctly - i.e when HelloWorld.jsx is resaved, the "Hello World" text on the page updates but after a full page refresh.  Source maps do update correctly though.


#### Test 3: eval and react-hot
```
npm run start3
```
devtool parameter is set to "eval".  The loaders are 'react-hot' and 'babel'.

When I run this, hotloading works correctly - i.e when HelloWorld.jsx is resaved, the "Hello World" text on the page updates without a full page refresh.  However, source maps do not update at all.


#### Test 4: eval-source-map and react-hot
```
npm run start4
```
devtool parameter is set to "eval".  The loaders are 'react-hot' and 'babel'.

When I run this, hotloading works correctly - i.e when HelloWorld.jsx is resaved, the "Hello World" text on the page updates without a full page refresh.  However, source maps do not update at all.















